apps/docs/docs/writing-guide/general-principles.mdx, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# General Principles

## Clear

Ambiguity does not lead to a good user experience, especially when our audience depends on our software to complete their work. 

**Do:** “Check your internet connection and try again.” 

**Don’t:** “An error has occurred, please try again later.”

## Concise

Use the least amount of text necessary to communicate your message effectively. Before reworking your copy, consider how much of it is necessary and if it’s a problem that is better solved through design. 

**Do:** "Select the line tool and draw a line from point A to point B."

**Don’t:** "To draw a line, you need to select the line tool from the toolbar at the top of the screen. Once you have selected the line tool, you will see a cursor on the screen. You need to click and hold the left mouse button to start drawing the line. Move the cursor to point A and click again to set the starting point of the line. Then, move the cursor to point B and click again to set the end point of the line. Release the mouse button to finish drawing the line. You can then modify the properties of the line by clicking on the line and using the toolbar at the top of the screen."

## Useful

Ask yourself if what you’re writing helps the user accomplish their goal. We want to avoid copy that distracts from user and business goals.

**Do:** “Your file has been successfully uploaded.”

**Don’t:** “Thanks for uploading your file. We appreciate your business.”

## Empathetic

Understand your user, what they might be going through when reading, and in what context they will have arrived at the copy you’re working on.

**Do:** “Correct your payment information and try again.”

**Don’t:** “Invalid input. Correct your entry and try again.”

## Conversational

To be conversational means we should use the words that our audience uses. Simpson Strong-Tie speaks to many audiences, all with different backgrounds. Being conversational requires us to understand our target audience and how they describe the problems we are trying to solve.
A significant portion of our audience are experts in their fields. So, although it’s important to keep copy conversational, it’s ok to use industry terms where appropriate. Sometimes, oversimplifying a tool meant to solve complicated problems can be detrimental to the experience.

**Do:** “Select the ‘Rebar’ tool to add reinforcement bars to your concrete structure.”

**Don’t:** "Utilize the 'Rebar' tool in order to insert tension-resisting steel bars into the structural element of your project for improving load-bearing capacity and reducing deformation."

## Scannable

Put the important ideas at the beginning of our communications, not buried beneath introductory text and fluff. This means we should write for scanning first and reading second. Users should be able to understand essential information needed to proceed in their flow by reading minimally and without difficulty.

**Do:**
1. Click on the 'Add Element' button in the toolbar at the top of the screen.
2. Select the element you want to add.
3. Drag it to the desired location on your design.

**Don’t:** 
“To add a new element to your design, click on the 'Add Element' button in the toolbar at the top of the screen. This will open a drop-down menu with a list of available elements. Scroll through the list and select the element you want to add. Once you have selected the element, drag it to the desired location on your design.”

Commit message:

Design Guide & Writing Guide copy

apps/docs/docs/writing-guide/general-principles.mdx, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
description: Our UX writing general principles, designed to guide decisions and elevate user experiences.
---

# General Principles

## Clear

Ambiguity does not lead to a good user experience, especially when our audience depends on our software to complete their work. 

**Do:** “Check your internet connection and try again.” 

**Don’t:** “An error has occurred, please try again later.”

## Concise

Use the least amount of text necessary to communicate your message effectively. Before reworking your copy, consider how much of it is necessary and if it’s a problem that is better solved through design. 

**Do:** "Select the line tool and draw a line from point A to point B."

**Don’t:** "To draw a line, you need to select the line tool from the toolbar at the top of the screen. Once you have selected the line tool, you will see a cursor on the screen. You need to click and hold the left mouse button to start drawing the line. Move the cursor to point A and click again to set the starting point of the line. Then, move the cursor to point B and click again to set the end point of the line. Release the mouse button to finish drawing the line. You can then modify the properties of the line by clicking on the line and using the toolbar at the top of the screen."

## Useful

Ask yourself if what you’re writing helps the user accomplish their goal. We want to avoid copy that distracts from user and business goals.

**Do:** “Your file has been successfully uploaded.”

**Don’t:** “Thanks for uploading your file. We appreciate your business.”

## Empathetic

Understand your user, what they might be going through when reading, and in what context they will have arrived at the copy you’re working on.

**Do:** “Correct your payment information and try again.”

**Don’t:** “Invalid input. Correct your entry and try again.”

## Conversational

To be conversational means we should use the words that our audience uses. Simpson Strong-Tie speaks to many audiences, all with different backgrounds. Being conversational requires us to understand our target audience and how they describe the problems we are trying to solve.
A significant portion of our audience are experts in their fields. So, although it’s important to keep copy conversational, it’s ok to use industry terms where appropriate. Sometimes, oversimplifying a tool meant to solve complicated problems can be detrimental to the experience.

**Do:** “Select the ‘Rebar’ tool to add reinforcement bars to your concrete structure.”

**Don’t:** "Utilize the 'Rebar' tool in order to insert tension-resisting steel bars into the structural element of your project for improving load-bearing capacity and reducing deformation."

## Scannable

Put the important ideas at the beginning of our communications, not buried beneath introductory text and fluff. This means we should write for scanning first and reading second. Users should be able to understand essential information needed to proceed in their flow by reading minimally and without difficulty.

**Do:**
1. Click on the 'Add Element' button in the toolbar at the top of the screen.
2. Select the element you want to add.
3. Drag it to the desired location on your design.

**Don’t:** 
“To add a new element to your design, click on the 'Add Element' button in the toolbar at the top of the screen. This will open a drop-down menu with a list of available elements. Scroll through the list and select the element you want to add. Once you have selected the element, drag it to the desired location on your design.”
