apps/docs/docs/writing-guide/titles.mdx, before:

# Titles

**Purpose:** Provide context and guide the user toward an action.

## Content

Content titles describe the content and set expectations. Use a noun, compound noun, or noun phrase for content titles, especially when the content doesn’t have a specific action we want users to take.

Compound nouns = [noun + noun] or [adjective + noun]

Here is an example of a good compound noun title:

![Screenshot of our application's 3D viewer showing two wooden members connected by a metal hanger, illustrating the use of a compound noun title](/img/3DViewer_CompoundNounTitle.png)

## Ambiguous Task

Ambiguous titles are used when the user has multiple options for actions to take on a screen. For ambiguous titles, use a noun, noun phrase, or verb phrase that covers the category of actions the user can take.

![Interface labeled 'My Projects & Lists', illustrating an ambiguous task title](/img/AmbiguousTask_Title.png)

The above example uses the noun phrase “My Projects & Lists” to describe the context surrounding the possible actions the user can take – new project, new list, import list, and editing existing lists when they populate the screen.

## Single Task

When we want users to take a specific action, use the imperative verb form of the CTA.

![Online form with the title 'Submit a Support Request', illustrating a single task title](/img/SingleTask_Title.png)

In this example, the title “Submit a Support Request” uses the imperative verb form of the CTA “Submit”.

### Format and Punctuation

**General Rule:** Use title case for all titles, subtitles, and headings unless they are complete sentences or questions.

**Title Case Guidelines:**
- Capitalize the first and last words, regardless of part of speech.
- Capitalize all major words, including nouns, pronouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, and some conjunctions.
- Do not capitalize articles (a, an, the), coordinating conjunctions (and, but, for, nor, or, so, yet), and prepositions with fewer than five letters — unless they start or end the title.

**Exception - Complete Sentences and Questions**

**Sentence Case Guidelines:**
- Capitalize the first word.
- Capitalize proper nouns and any other words that would typically be capitalized in a sentence.
- All other words should be in lowercase.

**Examples:**  
Title Case: "Advantages of Modular Construction"  
Sentence Case: "Do you want to save before leaving?"

Commit message:

Design Guide & Writing Guide copy

apps/docs/docs/writing-guide/titles.mdx, after:

---
description: Provide context and guide the user toward an action.
---

# Titles

**Purpose:** Provide context and guide the user toward an action.

## Content

Content titles describe the content and set expectations. Use a noun, compound noun, or noun phrase for content titles, especially when the content doesn’t have a specific action we want users to take.

Compound nouns = [noun + noun] or [adjective + noun]

Here is an example of a good compound noun title:

![Screenshot of our application's 3D viewer showing two wooden members connected by a metal hanger, illustrating the use of a compound noun title](/img/3DViewer_CompoundNounTitle.png)

## Ambiguous Task

Ambiguous titles are used when the user has multiple options for actions to take on a screen. For ambiguous titles, use a noun, noun phrase, or verb phrase that covers the category of actions the user can take.

![Interface labeled 'My Projects & Lists', illustrating an ambiguous task title](/img/AmbiguousTask_Title.png)

The above example uses the noun phrase “My Projects & Lists” to describe the context surrounding the possible actions the user can take – new project, new list, import list, and editing existing lists when they populate the screen.

## Single Task

When we want users to take a specific action, use the imperative verb form of the CTA.

![Online form with the title 'Submit a Support Request', illustrating a single task title](/img/SingleTask_Title.png)

In this example, the title “Submit a Support Request” uses the imperative verb form of the CTA “Submit”.

### Format and Punctuation

**General Rule:** Use title case for all titles, subtitles, and headings unless they are complete sentences or questions.

**Title Case Guidelines:**
- Capitalize the first and last words, regardless of part of speech.
- Capitalize all major words, including nouns, pronouns, verbs, adjectives, adverbs, and some conjunctions.
- Do not capitalize articles (a, an, the), coordinating conjunctions (and, but, for, nor, or, so, yet), and prepositions with fewer than five letters — unless they start or end the title.

**Exception - Complete Sentences and Questions**

**Sentence Case Guidelines:**
- Capitalize the first word.
- Capitalize proper nouns and any other words that would typically be capitalized in a sentence.
- All other words should be in lowercase.

**Examples:**  
Title Case: "Advantages of Modular Construction"  
Sentence Case: "Do you want to save before leaving?"
